"Concision in style, precision in thought, decision in life." - Victor Hugo
"Not to transmit an experience is to betray it." Elie Wiesel
"Life only has narrative when we frame it and edit it and call it certain things. Peter Landesman
"If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. Barack Obama
"You can't break what's broken already. LeAnn Rimes
The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker
"Sadly, it's much easier to create a desert than a forest." James Lovelock
Details matter. They create depth, and depth creates authenticity. Neil Blumenthal
We don't create a fantasy world to escape reality. We create it to be able to stay. Lynda Barry
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life. Julius Caesar
"If you're wearing suits and you want to create your own sense of style, get to the tailor. Matt Bomer
Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems. Scott Adams
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself. Octavia E. Butler
All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Kurt Vonnegut
Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why. Kurt Vonnegut
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut
New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. Kurt Vonnegut
Science is magic that works. Kurt Vonnegut
Never index your own book. Kurt Vonnegut
Any man can call time out, but no man can say how long the time out will be. Kurt Vonnegut
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. Mark Twain
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy. Joseph Campbell
Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it is not all mixed up. A. A. Milne
Don't underestimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the thing you can't hear, and not bothering. A. A. Milne
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. Henry David Thoreau
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. Henry David Thoreau
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves. Henry David Thoreau
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. Albert Einstein
It's impossible to map out a route to your destination if you don't know where you're starting from. Suze Orman
A name indicates what we seek. An address indicates where it is. A route indicates how we get there. Jon Postel
If you know your destination, choosing a route - while not trivial - is manageable. Tom Steyer
We can't blame the technology when we make mistakes. - Tim Berners-Lee
Data is a precious thing and will last longer than the systems themselves. Tim Berners-Lee
